Party people
Can y'all get funky?
Soul Sonic Force, can y'all get funky?
The Zulu Nation, can y'all get funky?
Yeah, just hit me
Just taste the funk and hit me
Just get on down and hit me
Bambaataa's jus' gettin' so funky, now, hit me
Yeah, just hit me
It's time to chase your dreams
Up out your seats, make your body sway
Socialize, get down, let your soul lead the
way
Shake it now, go ladies, it's a livin' dream
Love, life, live
Come play the game, our world is free
Do what you want but scream
(Rock, rock to the Planet Rock, don't stop)
The Soul Sonic Force, Mr. Biggs, Pow Wow, and M.C. Globe
We emphasize the show, we got ego
Make this your night, just slip it right, and by day
As the people say, live it up, shucks
No work or play, our world is free
Be what you be, be
(Rock, rock to the Planet Rock, don't stop)
You're in a place where the nights are hot
Where nature's children dance and set a chance
On this mother Earth, which is our rock
The time has come, and work for soul
Show you really got soul
Are you ready
Bump bump bump, get bump, now let's go, house
Rock it, don't stop it
We gotta rock it, don't stop
Keep tickin' and tockin'
Work it all around the clock
Everybody keep rockin' and clockin' and shockin' and rockin', go house
Everybody say, rock it, don't stop it (rock it, don't stop it)
Well hit me, Mr. Biggs (Mr. Biggs)
Pow-wow (pow-wow)
G-L-O-B-E (G-L-O-B-E)
The soul sonic force
Gotta rock this and pop it, 'cause it's the
century
There is such a place that creates such a
melody
Our world is but a land of a master jam, get
up and dance
It's time to chase your dreams
Up out your seats, make your body sway
Socialize, get down, let your soul lead the
way
Shake it now, go ladies, it's a livin' dream
Love, life, live
Everybody just rock it, don't stop it
We gotta rock it, don't stop it
We gotta rock it, don't stop